DOC: added note for git tagging (#23772)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/dev/development_environment.rst

you specify ``-n``, the tests are run against the version of NumPy (if
any) found on current PYTHONPATH.

> .. note::
> 
>     If the above commands return a RuntimeError with the message "Cannot parse version 0+untagged.xxxxx,"
>     it indicates that you are currently developing on a fork that lacks release tags.
>     To resolve this issue, execute the following command in your ``main`` branch: ``git pull upstream main --tags`` 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    If the above commands result in ``RuntimeError: Cannot parse version...``,
    run ``git pull upstream main --tags``.

```

Just a wording suggestion to try to distill down to the critical info and conform to an 80-ish character line limit. Neither of these are blockers.

Author: Thanks for checking it out! I applied most of your suggestions.
